Alright! In this assignment review, we are
gonna go through and customize the
Swagger documentation for the VendorController. So, let's come over to Chrome
real quick, and hide all this. So we are
gonna be looking at the vendor
controller. Right now, everything is being
done from reflection. So let's see here. All
the documentation, but that's all being,
all the data there is being done from
reflections and a little bit of
formatting there. So, they could grab
Vendor Controller because I named it
Vendor Controller, and they just break
that out. So nice handy way to get it
started, but let's go ahead and use those
annotations and make this a little more
interesting for our consumers of the
documentation. So come back over to
IntelliJ, and let's bring up the
VendorController. The first annotation that
we wanna use is @Api.
Go ahead and import him.
That's alt enter, on a Mac at least.
I'm just saying this is my vendor API.
Let's go through and annotate these
@ApiOperation. You can see IntelliJ is
showing a long list there of different
options. So, I'm not gonna be able to go
through all these to show you what they
do. But, I suggest checking out the
documentation. And again, some of these
may or may not work with Spring 5 on the
2.7 release of Swagger, that we're on. So,
they are working on 2.8 right now. And
hopefully, in the following release, we'll
have better Spring 5 support.
I'm gonna add in some notes.
Should be @ApiOperation.
So I'm saying that the post
operation is going to create one. Then, @Api.
Update an existing vendor.
So, @ApiOperation. For the
patch, we're gonna update a property
and let's spell vendor right.
And then, finally, we'll do a deleteVendor. Then also, let's update the
models. So, here's our VendorDTO.
So there, I'm changing the name of the
vendor to required = true. Let's go ahead
and restart Spring 5. I'll go over in
Spring Boot, I should say, and we'll go
over and take a look at it once it
started.
You can see, we are back up and happy.
Let's go take a quick look at the API
documentation generated by Spring Fox. So,
you can see here, this is my Vendor API,
and let's expand these out. So, see here,
now I have a view list of vendors. Create
new vendor. Delete a vendor. Get vendor by
id. So, these are all the descriptions
that I added in there. It's no longer,
remember here, I annotated that one, but
this one does not have it. So, it's just
using the method name for the controller.
So not necessarily the best thing to be
using. But now, we can see that our API
documentation looks a little more
professional and it's more friendly. So,
these are very nice things that we can
do with the Swagger Documentation to
make our API documentation more friendly
for people that are gonna be
consuming APIs that we develop.